hey guys one checker coming up with
rotator model episode number six I think
now this sorry I've been made a video
last week mainly do because I don't know
runescape is I haven't been feeling
playing runescape in a while just
doesn't feel good to play and I'm pretty
sure to some of you it game can get a
little bit boring sometimes and that's
why I haven't been questing and what as
much now for this episode I'm going to
be a tempting qbd only tried this once
and it ended pretty miserably and I'm
pretty much a new and I still have to do
the songs of the death quest i think so
i'm going to have to do that by first
off we're going to start doing simple
dailies like farm runs and my farm runs
and unfinished broad bolts chocolate
dust and stuff I won't be doing yak
Heights this episode just because I
don't feel like doing it even though
it's an extra 300 k but if I do decide
to do it I'll let you guys know and i
will be right back once i finish my farm
runs alright guys i'm going to decide to
sell the loot I did some frost dragons a
little bit of dailies and earlier on
during today I did some of my Titans
from the kalphite king I'll put an
annotation maybe in the screen below if
you want to see it's one point to
another hour but I only stayed there for
around I don't know 20 30 minutes so on
the meat around fiber K but let's get to
the selling no no I've been doing these
frosh wagons for an hour around
hopefully they sell all right they did
so
let's sell these curbs these yak hides
and an adamant platebody now let's
collect all the GP we've made on
1.4 mil let's go to my bank and 7.6 mill
one fifth of the way they're almost
maybe 16 to 1 10th maybe I don't know
but I'm going to be doing some attempt
to the QbD so I hope you guys would
stick around and watch my failure
because I've tried one time or two times
and it didn't end too well so alright
guys I just finished doing the quest I
took around 20 minutes but I got that
portal crossbow now what I'm thinking of
I know might sound like a new that
you're supposed to put the Royal pieces
if I'm right and then I make a royal
crossbow but that's another time super
anti fires would probably be more worth
it than actually use getting a Royal
crossbow even leave me suggestion in the
comments what i should do get a royal
crossbow first or super anti fires but
i'm just going to put this in the bank
quickly and gear up for gear up for my
kill and i will be right back once i
finish it finish giving up and i will
meet you guys back alright guys I know
this is gonna end pretty miserably so
let's just get this over with let's pass
through the portal
I never made it past the third wave so
yeah let's drink all this that that I
hope I'm using the right prayers leave
me in the comments I
you
I'll probably just record my desk just
because i'm lagging pretty bad alright
guys this is going to be my miserable
attempt at my age I know that it's one
of the slowest methods to try but I'm
desperate so let's go and pass through
this and I'm probably going to stop
start recording if I die like last time
so wish me luck all right guys I tried
magic it took too long so I tell it away
now i'm gonna try to MIT range and if it
doesn't work then this is probably a
fail episode but hopefully it works I'm
not the best pvm ER by all means but
let's give it a shot alright guys if I
if this is analysis X move unsuccessful
attempt there's one clear conclusion get
super anti fires before you actually
attempt to you qbd so if I don't somehow
managed to kill this that's probably
going to be my next goal and I'm 10 mil
short so we shouldn't take too long but
here goes
alright guys like you thank you guys for
watching my video now i know i am no
expert at qvd as you can see i died my
best attempt was made with with melee or
manly or whatever now my final
conclusion is i need to get super anti
fires i'm probably gonna get 80 so and
then i'm gonna use the stew to boost up
or 81 so that's going to cost me another
10 mil maybe but i probably will be
getting the 50 ml first and then i'll do
this after and as you can see i did get
some prayer XP i've been i've just been
using my small XP lamps and stuff on it
and it's around 8k each so it's gonna be
saving me it takes me around 40k /
inventory / i mean / lamp so if you guys
like this video please leave it a like
and please comment uh and also please
give suggestions of how I can make might
be better better and other than that I'm
good